Oss to ee (#143)
kestra-io/kestra.io: docs/administrator-guide/configuration/enterprise-edition/secrets/vault/README.md

# Vault configuration

> This integration will store secrets in the Vault [KV Secrets Engine - Version 2](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2). Kestra authentications must have  full [read and write policies](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/policies) on this secrets store. You can optionally change `root-engine` or `namespace` (if you are using Vault Enterprise).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration will store secrets in the Vault [KV Secrets Engine - Version 2](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/secrets/kv/kv-v2). Kestra authentications must have full [read and write policies](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/concepts/policies) on this secrets store. You can optionally change `root-engine` or `namespace` (if you use Vault Enterprise).
```
